Exciting progress is underway at the Rambo-Post site.
Since receiving the final site plan approval in November 2024,
full-scale site work operations have begun,
resulting in the movement of countless truckloads of earth and rock.
On site rock crushing equipment then allows us to repurpose the material,
making the most of our resources.
We have also started planning new trees,
which help stabilize the land and assist with erosion control.
It's especially encouraging to see how many young ones have reached out to volunteer.
Their energy and willingness to serve provide a beautiful example of faith in action.
Here's what just a few of them have to say about why they reached out
and how they feel about serving on this exciting project.
So my desire started a few years back when my parents joined back then in the RBC.
And as far as I can remember, that was always my goal.
I always wanted to become a construction servant.
One day randomly I was checking on my GW hub and the application was there.
I was really excited that I got back from the data service or something.
I got on my computer and I started filling out the application almost immediately.
So when I got the call, I thought,
I think they had the wrong number.
So it was just such a great privilege to be able to be called.
But I was super nervous, actually.
And I remember a few minutes after I got off the phone with the brother,
I immediately called my parents.
I had told them that I had said, yes, I'm going to serve in Ramropo and they were so happy for me.
Yeah, I remember one of the sisters that first welcomed us.
They said, welcome to me and everything.
And then they turned around and saw my parents and gave them a big hug.
And said, thank you for giving us your son and that really made them feel very good.
So I just want to make sure that I live in a way I am able to look back and smile.
And I can tell people how amazing it was.
Well, it's been amazing so far of the project.
My favorite part is being able to wake up every single morning
and know that I'm going to be working for Jehovah.
Some nights I get home and I just want to go directly to bed.
And I sit in bed for a little bit and like, that was awesome.
You get to do more so if you want to do more for Jehovah, then do it.
And there is plenty more to do.
Recently, we installed a concrete batch plant right here on the site.
This will help to streamline the next phases of the build.
Later this year, we look forward to starting foundation work for the residents buildings in Parking Garage.
These new residences will allow us to house even more volunteers.
As the work at Ramapot gains momentum,
we pray that Jehovah continue to bless the efforts of all those who are offering themselves willingly
in support of this tremendous project.
Thank you for your continued prayers and support.